README for dhcp_probe

This is dhcp_probe.

dhcp_probe is intended to be used by a network administrator to
locate unknown BootP and DHCP servers on a directly-attached network.

This software was created by the Network Systems Group at Princeton University's
Office of Information Technology, networking at princeton dot edu.
It was written by Irwin Tillman.

It is available from: http://www.net.princeton.edu/software/dhcp_probe/

This version runs on Solaris 9 on SPARC, compiled with gcc. 

This version supports only Ethernet interfaces.

dhcp_probe is intended for use by a network administrator.  Before running 
dhcp_probe on any network other than one for which you are responsible,
contact that network's administrator to learn if it is acceptable for you
to run this software on that network.  Running this software may violate
on a network where you don't have permission to do so may violate that
network's acceptable use policy.

It was intended for our use at Princeton University, so was written
to operate on the platform(s) we use, with the features we need.  
As others have asked for the software, we've made it generally available, 
however, we do not have the resources available to port it to additional 
platforms or add features.

See the file INSTALL.dhcp_probe for installation instructions.
Generic building and installation instructions are in INSTALL.
Platform-specific notes are in PLATFORMS.

The file NEWS describes recent user-visible changes to dhcp_probe.

The product is free, however, it includes code that was published in
other programs; those parts are subject to copyright and certain restrictions.
See the file COPYING for specifics.

This software is provided "as is" and any express or implied
warranties, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of
mechantability and fitness for a particular purpose are disclaimed.  In
no event shall the authors or Princeton University be liable for any
direct, indirect, incidental, special exemplary, or consequential
damages (including, but not limited to, procurement of substitute goods
or services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business interruption)
however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract,
strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising
in any way out of the use of this software, even if advised of the
possibility of such damage.
